Garden
!new_paragraph
!title Definition
A garden is a planned space, usually outdoors, set aside for the display,
cultivation, or enjoyment of plants and other forms of nature.
The garden can incorporate both natural and man-made materials.
The most common form today is a residential garden, but the term garden has
traditionally been a more general one. Zoos, which display wild animals in
simulated natural habitats, were formerly called zoological gardens.
Western gardens are almost universally based on plants, with garden often
signifying a shortened form of botanical garden. Some traditional types of
eastern gardens, such as Zen gardens, use plants sparsely or not at all.
!image garden1.jpg 40%

!new_paragraph
!title Etymology
The etymology of the word gardening refers to enclosure: it is from Middle English
gardin, from Anglo-French gardin, jardin, of Germanic origin; akin to Old High
German gard, gart, an enclosure or compound, as in Stuttgart. See Grad
(Slavic settlement) for more complete etymology. The words yard, court, and Latin
hortus (meaning "garden," hence horticulture and orchard), are cognates—all referring
to an enclosed space.
The term "garden" in British English refers to a small enclosed area of land,
usually adjoining a building. This would be referred to as a yard in American English.

!new_paragraph
!title Elements
Most gardens consist of a mix of natural and constructed elements, although even very
'natural' gardens are always an inherently artificial creation.
!image Dubai_Miracle_Garden.jpg

!new_paragraph
!title More Elements
Natural elements present in a garden principally comprise flora (such as trees and weeds), fauna
(such as arthropods and birds), soil, water, air and light.
!image Gardens_of_Versailles.jpg

!new_paragraph
!title Man-Made Elements
Constructed elements include paths, patios, decking, sculptures, drainage systems, lights and buildings
(such as sheds, gazebos, pergolas and follies), but also living constructions such
as flower beds, ponds and lawns.
!image Maze_Dobrzyca.jpg